FIXME: This will incorrectly fail to re-bid a 6-card suit (may belong in a convention).
FIXME: This fails to bid 5-card side suits (probably belongs in a convention).
Similarly, this code knows nothing about help-suit game tries (again probably a convention).

have_fit
have_major_fit
have_game
have_hope_for_game
have_slam
have_hope_for_slam

-1. Conventions.
0. Slam bidding
1. Bid a major game if we have game + fit.
2. Bid a NT game if we have game + stoppers.
3. Bid a new suit, if we have hope for game.
4. Rebid a suit if we have 6 cards in it and hope for game.
5. Bid a Minor game if we have a minor fit + game fit.
6. Bid fallback suit (cheapest no-trump) if forced to bid.
7. Pass.


Some sort of state machine?

RespondToALimitRaise?

Who is captain?  Does it matter?

Detecting when partner makes a sign-off bid?
Bids are most-often limited based on the possibility of other bids.

What does a limit raise mean?  He sees a possibility of game, but does not see game himself.

How do we show delayed support?
 - If his bid could have meant 4+, we show delayed support after one interveaning bid, if we had 3


Do we have a major fit?
 - Support the major, per our point count. (Jacoby2N and super-support game-jump handled by conventions?)

Rebid a 6-card major.

Bid any unbid suit we can, at the cheapest level.

Support a minor fit (if we have the points)

Rebid a 6-card Minor.

Bid cheapest NT


Reverses do affect the opening bid, but the longest suit is always bid first.
Reverses *allow* 4+ majors to be bid at the 2 level.  Otherwise only 2 level majors always mean 5+.

After a reverse, partner major rebids only show 5 cards.
Laking a 5-card major, 2NT asks for a rebid of original suit.

ResponseToReverse?

What does a new suit mean?
- Still believe we have chance for game?
- Have at least N cards in said suit.
- We have at least enough points to still find a fallback after this bid?


Some sort of AssumedInformation class?  With info on other's hands?


BiddingRules which take in a bidding subhistory and a constraints object and return a new constraints object.

Basically building transition table.

Unclear if hand constraints should be separate from general constraints.

Constraints seem to be a super-set of the bidding history.

Keep around one constraints object per position?

Each bidder keeps his own view of all 4 constraints?


From the board:
b = bid history
h = hand

for each possible bid:
    check if b + bid is consistent with h
    if so, add to possible bids

check:
    get constraints for b + bid, if none than bail
    check constraints against h



Possible Constraints needed:
- hcp
- suit-length
- stoppers?
- forcing_bid (X, 2C)  Or is this "artificial bid"?
- michaels/unusual 2N/cappelletti/negative double/takeout double (length in an unmentioned suit)



In this system, there seem to be two kinds of "not apply".
I guess the rules ether apply or don't.  They ay be able to say that a bid is meaningless.

Seems apply and applies_to should be combined.  That way its easier to write things like cuebids (where you might have to check both opponents).

Why are rules divorced from bids?  One implementation would have exactly one rule per bid.
It seems reasonable that the same bid might be made by different rules (bidding a minor game, vs. gerber).
So there might be more than one rule per bid.
Would there ever be more than one bid per rule?  Maybe LimitRaise? "If partner has shown 4h, a raise to 2 would show 4h and < invitational points."

LimitRaises say: "Partner, we have a fit.  With you at a minimum, I see us as X short of game."
So 1H, 2H, shows an 8 card heart fit, and 2 tricks short of game (19pts).
1H, 3H, shows 8 card heart fit, and 1 trick short of game (22pts).
They both ask partner to bid again if he has that many tricks more than he previously showed.
This is where the help-suit-game-try comes in.  It says:
"I don't see enough points for game, but maybe my extra winners in this suit help us to game?"

According to abarth, the perfect match for a help-suit game try is a doubleton, as it's enough to lead to
the help-suit, but short enough so that the extra winners can be of help.



2-over-1 auctions:

1S 2C:
2S promises 5+ spades and a minimum hand (12-13?), expects partner to bid 2N with 0-2 spades
2N shows 5-3-3-2 (denies 4 hearts, diamonds or clubs), 14+ points.
